README.md, before:

# vip-commands

Welcome! This is a list of user-facing commands for our bots. Most of these commands are restricted behind permissions for the [`@VIP`](https://discord.com/channels/200837505145110528/1018989009936060436) role.

Jump to Command Lists:<br/>[Chansey](#-chansey)<br/>[Indigo Minior](#-indigo-minior)<br/>[Lilian Meridian](#-lilian-meridian)<br/>[Nurse Joy](#-nurse-joy)<br/>[Officer Jenny](#-officer-jenny)<br/>[Professor Oak](#-professor-oak)
| - |


### Reading Command Usage

Commands in this list are formatted in a consistent way for readability.
- All command usages start with a **prefix** or a **slash**. If a command starts with a **prefix**, include that symbol before the command name when using the command. If the command starts with a **slash**, you must select that command and its options from Discord's Slash Command Menu.
- If you see something in angle brackets `<>`, replace that text with something else to use the command. This is a **required** option.
- If you see something in square brackets `[]`, this is an **optional** option. You can replace this with something else, or omit that option entirely when using the command.
- Some options might say "user mention", or "user ID", or "user mention or ID". If the option is "user mention or ID", that means either can be included in the command. If the command only specifies a "mention" or "ID", then assume the other will not be interpreted correctly.

#### Aliases
Some commands have **aliases**. Aliases can be used in place of the command name when using the command.

#### Example
Usage: `.derp <text> [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `d`

The **prefix** for this command is "." and its **command name** is "derp". When using this command you *must* input a text **option** and you *may* also include a user ID or mention as an optional option. Proper uses of this command may look like:  
`.derp hello` or  
`.d hello` or  
`.d hello @Indigo Minior` or  
`.d hello 886734901204901958`

### Reporting Errors

If you notice a command is missing or incorrect, please let us know in our [`#server-improvements`](https://discord.com/channels/200837505145110528/522553718743498762) channel.

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897822-2973bf06-9219-462e-9b33-15816282c7ad.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Chansey

Prefix: `&`

Help Command: `&help`

Note: If you *reply* to a message with a command, Chansey will mention that user with the command output. This feature is available for all Chansey commands.

### accounthelp
*Niantic Support link for sign-in issues and how to contact Niantic Support*

Usage: `&accounthelp [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ah`

### ace-trainer
*Information on different Ace Trainer tiers*

Usage: `&ace-trainer [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ace`

### badges
*Information on how badges are earned and how to get them updated*

Usage: `&badges [user mention or ID]`  

### button-spam
*Reminder to not spam click the raid Sign Up button*

Usage: `&button-spam [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `bspam`

### channels-help
*Help view missing channels*

Usage: `&channels-help [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `channels`

### coins
*Different methods to earn coins in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&coins [user mention or ID]`  

### counters-help
*List of all custom counter guides*

Usage: `&counters-help [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ch`

### country
*Command for updating country in PokeNav profile*

Usage: `&country [user mention or ID]`  

### daxraid
*Video masterclass explaining raid mechanics in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&daxraid [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `dr`

### directory
*List of essential server channels*

Usage: `&directory [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `dir`

### ditto
*Ditto infographic*

Usage: `&ditto [user mention or ID]`  

### eevee
*Eevee infographic*

Usage: `&eevee [user mention or ID]`  

### elite
*Message directing to #elite-briefing*

Usage: `&elite [user mention or ID]`  

### events
*Information on monthly events*

Usage: `&events [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `raid-boss`, `rb`, `raid-hour`, `rh`, `spotlight`, `sh`

### furfrou
*Furfrou forms infographic*

Usage: `&furfrou [user mention or ID]`  

### gimmighoul
*Infographic on Gimmighoul and 100IV CP chart*

Usage: `&gimmighoul [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `gimmi`, `ghoul`

### go-battle-league
*Infographic of current GO Battle League season*

Usage: `&gbl [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `gbl`

### home
*Steps to install and use Pokémon HOME*

Usage: `&home [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `pokemonhome`

### invite10
*Guide to inviting more than 5 players in game and modifying raid member size in PokeNav*

Usage: `&invite10 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `maxlobby`

### kick
*Explains the /kick command format*

Usage: `&kick [user mention or ID]`  

### leave
*Explains that /leave is disabled*

Usage: `&leave [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: 

### mega-evolution
*Guide for Mega Evolution mechanic in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&mega-evolution [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `mega`

### meltan
*Meltan infographic*

Usage: `&meltan [user mention or ID]`  

### moveset
*Links to resources to find the best Pokémon movesets*

Usage: `&moveset [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `movesets`

### ottawa
*Invite link for Pokémon GO Ottawa Discord server*

Usage: `&ottawa [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ott`

### pass-types
*Info on different types of raid passes*

Usage: `&pass-types [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `pass`

### pins
*Instructions on how to check pinned comments on Discord*

Usage: `&pins [user mention or ID]`  

### pokestop
*Video guides on nominating and reviewing Pokéstops*

Usage: `&pokestop [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `daxnom`, `daxrev`

### premium-membership
*Information on Premium Memberships*

Usage: `&premium-membership [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `pm`

### private-lobby
*Timestamped link for video guide on creating private lobbies in game*

Usage: `&private-lobby [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `pl`

### profile
*Commands for updating IGN, Level, Team, TC, and all commands link*

Usage: `&profile [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ign`, `level`, `team`, `stc`, `pokenav`

### pvpiv
*Explains IV spread for PVP Pokémon*

Usage: `&pvpiv [user mention or ID]`  

### raid-hour-disclaimer
*Disclaimer for PokeNav lag and long raid queues during Raid Hours*

Usage: `&raid-hour-disclaimer [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `rdh`

### raidpass
*Different methods to obtain Remote Raid Passes*

Usage: `&raidpass [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `remote`

### raids
*List the server's general raid channels*

Usage: `&raids [user mention or ID]`  

### referral-code
*Steps to using a Referral Code*

Usage: `&referral-code [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `rc`

### report
*How to report bad behaviour*

Usage: `&report [user mention or ID]`  

### rocket
*Information on different Team GO Rocket mechanics*

Usage: `&rocket [user mention or ID]`  

### rocket-leader
*Infographic on current teams used by GO Rocket Leaders & Boss*

Usage: `&rocket-leader [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `leader`

### rocket-research
*Information on finding Giovanni and list of Team GO Rocket researches*

Usage: `&rocket-research [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `giovanni`, `radar`

### roles
*List of special server roles*

Usage: `&roles [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `serverroles`

### rules

Usage: `&rules [user mention or ID]`  

### rule1
*All content must be family friendly*

Usage: `&rule1 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `family`

### rule2
*No harassment, bullying, or discrimination will be tolerated*

Usage: `&rule2 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `bully`, `harass`

### rule3
*No spoofing or modified game clients*

Usage: `&rule3 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `spoof`

### rule4
*Do not create raids with no intention of sending invites*

Usage: `&rule4 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `fake`

### rule5
*Do not spam, and be sure to keep content relative to the channel you're in*

Usage: `&rule5 [user mention or ID]`  

Note: Unlike `!rule5` (OfficerJenny command), `&rule5` does not have any aliases.

### rule6
*No advertising other servers or self-promotion*

Usage: `&rule6 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `promo`, `selfpromo`

### rule7
*No offering to buy or sell accounts, or solicitation of any other in-game services that violate Niantic's ToS or Player Guidelines*

Usage: `&rule7 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `buy`, `sell`, `service`, `services`

### rule8
*Server nicknames should be easily readable and pingable and must follow other server rules*

Usage: `&rule8 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `nick`, `nickname`, `nicknames`

### rule9
*Your PokeNav profile must be complete and accurately reflect the Pokémon GO account being used in raids*

Usage: `&rule9 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `profile`

### rule10
*For the most part, this is an English-only server*

Usage: `&rule10 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `english`

### rule11
*No mini-modding or impersonation of staff members*

Usage: `&rule11 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `mod`, `minimod`

### rule12
*No begging for raids, gifts, tickets, nitro, etc.*

Usage: `&rule12 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `beg`, `begging`

### rule13
*Per Discord's ToS, you must be 13 years or older to access this server. Additionally, we ask members to not disclose or allude to your age or any other personal information, especially if you are a minor*

Usage: `&rule13 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `tos`

### savepass
*Video guide to the empty battle party trick*

Usage: `&savepass [user mention or ID]`  

### server-info
*Information about server roles, channels etc.*

Usage: `&server-info [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `server`

### setcircle
*Video guide on the Circle Lock method*

Usage: `&setcircle [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `catchhelp`

### shadow
*Information on Shadow & Purified Pokémon*

Usage: `&shadow [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `purify`

### special-lures
*Infographic on different spawns for special lure modules*

Usage: `&special-lures [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `lures`

### trade
*Information on the trading mechanic in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&trade [user mention or ID]`  

### trainer-code
*Explains how to find your Trainer Code*

Usage: `&trainer-code [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `tc`, `code`

### type-chart
*Infographic on type effectiveness in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&type-chart [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `type`

### ub-map
*Map of Ultra Beast distrubution for Nov 2022 Raid Day*

Usage: `&ub-map [user mention or ID]`  

### verify-help
*Redirecting to #verify-here with instructions*

Usage: `&verify-help [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `vh`, `verify`

### vip-info
*Information on VIP role perks & how to get the roles*

Usage: `&vip-info [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `vip`

### wayfarer
*Invite link for Wayfarer Discord server*

Usage: `&wayfarer [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `wdd`

### weather-boost
*Infographic for typing-based weather boost in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&weather-boost [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `weather`, `wb`

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897602-d5fa0319-8962-448e-8289-b91e9fac9d71.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Indigo Minior

Prefix: none

Help Command: Check the slash command list

### faq
*Share a post from the FAQ channel*

Usage: `/faq <post> [user]`

### link
*Share a link from the knowledge guide*

Usage: `/link <link> [user]`

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897661-f5502d14-9d3a-4846-9f48-cc39801567fb.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Lilian Meridian

Prefix: `>`

### vivillon
Usage: `>vivillon [user mention]`

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897705-66172d05-9b27-4986-9ae2-6539adbc1fd8.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Nurse Joy

Prefix: `+`

Help Command: `+help [command name]`

### daxcand
*I send a link to the best video on the internet about good and bad Wayfarer nominations.*

Usage: `+daxcand [user mention or ID]`  

### daxnom
*I send a link to the best wayfarer nomination video on the internet.*

Usage: `+daxnom [user mention or ID]`  

### daxnom2
*I send a link to the best detailed Wayfarer nomination video on the internet.*

Usage: `+daxnom2 [user mention or ID]`  

### daxraid
*I send a link to the most comprehensive raiding video on the internet.*

Usage: `+daxraid [user mention or ID]`  

### daxrev
*I send a link to the best Wayfarer reviwing video on the internet.*

Usage: `+daxrev [user mention or ID]`  

### ottawa
*I send a link to the best Remote Raid discord server ever!*

Usage: `+ottawa [user mention or ID]`  

### wdd
*I send a link to the best Wayfarer discord server ever!*

Usage: `+wdd [user mention or ID]`  

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897742-96d382c1-50d5-4bc0-9e04-c778fe9d64ff.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Officer Jenny

Prefix: `!`

### rules

Usage: `!rules [user mention or ID]`  

### rule1
*All content must be family friendly*

Usage: `!rule1 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `family`

### rule2
*No harassment, bullying, or discrimination will be tolerated*

Usage: `!rule2 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `bully`, `harass`

### rule3
*No spoofing or modified game clients*

Usage: `!rule3 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `spoof`

### rule4
*Do not create raids with no intention of sending invites*

Usage: `!rule4 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `fake`

### rule5
*Do not spam, and be sure to keep content relative to the channel you're in*

Usage: `!rule5 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `spam`

### rule6
*No advertising other servers or self-promotion*

Usage: `!rule6 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `promo`, `selfpromo`

### rule7
*No offering to buy or sell accounts, or solicitation of any other in-game services that violate Niantic's ToS or Player Guidelines*

Usage: `!rule7 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `buy`, `sell`, `service`, `services`

### rule8
*Server nicknames should be easily readable and pingable and must follow other server rules*

Usage: `!rule8 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `nick`, `nickname`, `nicknames`

### rule9
*Your PokeNav profile must be complete and accurately reflect the Pokémon GO account being used in raids*

Usage: `!rule9 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `profile`

### rule10
*For the most part, this is an English-only server*

Usage: `!rule10 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `english`

### rule11
*No mini-modding or impersonation of staff members*

Usage: `!rule11 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `mod`, `minimod`

### rule12
*No begging for raids, gifts, tickets, nitro, etc.*

Usage: `!rule12 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `beg`, `begging`

### rule13
*Per Discord's ToS, you must be 13 years or older to access this server. Additionally, we ask members to not disclose or allude to your age or any other personal information, especially if you are a minor*

Usage: `!rule13 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `tos`

### wddth
*Asking for raids in general chat? We don't do that here*

Usage: `!wddth`  

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897791-e50e20bc-e1d3-4561-b589-3d943b01e8a1.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Professor Oak

Prefix: `!`

### abb

Usage: `!abb [user mention or ID]`  

### pvpoke

Usage: `!pvpoke [user mention or ID]`

Commit message:

Text fixes
- Change "OfficerJenny" in command note to "Officer Jenny"
- Add descriptions for &rules and !rules

README.md, after:

# vip-commands

Welcome! This is a list of user-facing commands for our bots. Most of these commands are restricted behind permissions for the [`@VIP`](https://discord.com/channels/200837505145110528/1018989009936060436) role.

Jump to Command Lists:<br/>[Chansey](#-chansey)<br/>[Indigo Minior](#-indigo-minior)<br/>[Lilian Meridian](#-lilian-meridian)<br/>[Nurse Joy](#-nurse-joy)<br/>[Officer Jenny](#-officer-jenny)<br/>[Professor Oak](#-professor-oak)
| - |


### Reading Command Usage

Commands in this list are formatted in a consistent way for readability.
- All command usages start with a **prefix** or a **slash**. If a command starts with a **prefix**, include that symbol before the command name when using the command. If the command starts with a **slash**, you must select that command and its options from Discord's Slash Command Menu.
- If you see something in angle brackets `<>`, replace that text with something else to use the command. This is a **required** option.
- If you see something in square brackets `[]`, this is an **optional** option. You can replace this with something else, or omit that option entirely when using the command.
- Some options might say "user mention", or "user ID", or "user mention or ID". If the option is "user mention or ID", that means either can be included in the command. If the command only specifies a "mention" or "ID", then assume the other will not be interpreted correctly.

#### Aliases
Some commands have **aliases**. Aliases can be used in place of the command name when using the command.

#### Example
Usage: `.derp <text> [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `d`

The **prefix** for this command is "." and its **command name** is "derp". When using this command you *must* input a text **option** and you *may* also include a user ID or mention as an optional option. Proper uses of this command may look like:  
`.derp hello` or  
`.d hello` or  
`.d hello @Indigo Minior` or  
`.d hello 886734901204901958`

### Reporting Errors

If you notice a command is missing or incorrect, please let us know in our [`#server-improvements`](https://discord.com/channels/200837505145110528/522553718743498762) channel.

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897822-2973bf06-9219-462e-9b33-15816282c7ad.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Chansey

Prefix: `&`

Help Command: `&help`

Note: If you *reply* to a message with a command, Chansey will mention that user with the command output. This feature is available for all Chansey commands.

### accounthelp
*Niantic Support link for sign-in issues and how to contact Niantic Support*

Usage: `&accounthelp [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ah`

### ace-trainer
*Information on different Ace Trainer tiers*

Usage: `&ace-trainer [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ace`

### badges
*Information on how badges are earned and how to get them updated*

Usage: `&badges [user mention or ID]`  

### button-spam
*Reminder to not spam click the raid Sign Up button*

Usage: `&button-spam [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `bspam`

### channels-help
*Help view missing channels*

Usage: `&channels-help [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `channels`

### coins
*Different methods to earn coins in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&coins [user mention or ID]`  

### counters-help
*List of all custom counter guides*

Usage: `&counters-help [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ch`

### country
*Command for updating country in PokeNav profile*

Usage: `&country [user mention or ID]`  

### daxraid
*Video masterclass explaining raid mechanics in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&daxraid [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `dr`

### directory
*List of essential server channels*

Usage: `&directory [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `dir`

### ditto
*Ditto infographic*

Usage: `&ditto [user mention or ID]`  

### eevee
*Eevee infographic*

Usage: `&eevee [user mention or ID]`  

### elite
*Message directing to #elite-briefing*

Usage: `&elite [user mention or ID]`  

### events
*Information on monthly events*

Usage: `&events [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `raid-boss`, `rb`, `raid-hour`, `rh`, `spotlight`, `sh`

### furfrou
*Furfrou forms infographic*

Usage: `&furfrou [user mention or ID]`  

### gimmighoul
*Infographic on Gimmighoul and 100IV CP chart*

Usage: `&gimmighoul [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `gimmi`, `ghoul`

### go-battle-league
*Infographic of current GO Battle League season*

Usage: `&gbl [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `gbl`

### home
*Steps to install and use Pokémon HOME*

Usage: `&home [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `pokemonhome`

### invite10
*Guide to inviting more than 5 players in game and modifying raid member size in PokeNav*

Usage: `&invite10 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `maxlobby`

### kick
*Explains the /kick command format*

Usage: `&kick [user mention or ID]`  

### leave
*Explains that /leave is disabled*

Usage: `&leave [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: 

### mega-evolution
*Guide for Mega Evolution mechanic in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&mega-evolution [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `mega`

### meltan
*Meltan infographic*

Usage: `&meltan [user mention or ID]`  

### moveset
*Links to resources to find the best Pokémon movesets*

Usage: `&moveset [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `movesets`

### ottawa
*Invite link for Pokémon GO Ottawa Discord server*

Usage: `&ottawa [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ott`

### pass-types
*Info on different types of raid passes*

Usage: `&pass-types [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `pass`

### pins
*Instructions on how to check pinned comments on Discord*

Usage: `&pins [user mention or ID]`  

### pokestop
*Video guides on nominating and reviewing Pokéstops*

Usage: `&pokestop [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `daxnom`, `daxrev`

### premium-membership
*Information on Premium Memberships*

Usage: `&premium-membership [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `pm`

### private-lobby
*Timestamped link for video guide on creating private lobbies in game*

Usage: `&private-lobby [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `pl`

### profile
*Commands for updating IGN, Level, Team, TC, and all commands link*

Usage: `&profile [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `ign`, `level`, `team`, `stc`, `pokenav`

### pvpiv
*Explains IV spread for PVP Pokémon*

Usage: `&pvpiv [user mention or ID]`  

### raid-hour-disclaimer
*Disclaimer for PokeNav lag and long raid queues during Raid Hours*

Usage: `&raid-hour-disclaimer [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `rdh`

### raidpass
*Different methods to obtain Remote Raid Passes*

Usage: `&raidpass [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `remote`

### raids
*List the server's general raid channels*

Usage: `&raids [user mention or ID]`  

### referral-code
*Steps to using a Referral Code*

Usage: `&referral-code [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `rc`

### report
*How to report bad behaviour*

Usage: `&report [user mention or ID]`  

### rocket
*Information on different Team GO Rocket mechanics*

Usage: `&rocket [user mention or ID]`  

### rocket-leader
*Infographic on current teams used by GO Rocket Leaders & Boss*

Usage: `&rocket-leader [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `leader`

### rocket-research
*Information on finding Giovanni and list of Team GO Rocket researches*

Usage: `&rocket-research [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `giovanni`, `radar`

### roles
*List of special server roles*

Usage: `&roles [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `serverroles`

### rules
*Reminder to read the #rules channel*

Usage: `&rules [user mention or ID]`  

### rule1
*All content must be family friendly*

Usage: `&rule1 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `family`

### rule2
*No harassment, bullying, or discrimination will be tolerated*

Usage: `&rule2 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `bully`, `harass`

### rule3
*No spoofing or modified game clients*

Usage: `&rule3 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `spoof`

### rule4
*Do not create raids with no intention of sending invites*

Usage: `&rule4 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `fake`

### rule5
*Do not spam, and be sure to keep content relative to the channel you're in*

Usage: `&rule5 [user mention or ID]`  

Note: Unlike `!rule5` (Officer Jenny command), `&rule5` does not have any aliases.

### rule6
*No advertising other servers or self-promotion*

Usage: `&rule6 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `promo`, `selfpromo`

### rule7
*No offering to buy or sell accounts, or solicitation of any other in-game services that violate Niantic's ToS or Player Guidelines*

Usage: `&rule7 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `buy`, `sell`, `service`, `services`

### rule8
*Server nicknames should be easily readable and pingable and must follow other server rules*

Usage: `&rule8 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `nick`, `nickname`, `nicknames`

### rule9
*Your PokeNav profile must be complete and accurately reflect the Pokémon GO account being used in raids*

Usage: `&rule9 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `profile`

### rule10
*For the most part, this is an English-only server*

Usage: `&rule10 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `english`

### rule11
*No mini-modding or impersonation of staff members*

Usage: `&rule11 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `mod`, `minimod`

### rule12
*No begging for raids, gifts, tickets, nitro, etc.*

Usage: `&rule12 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `beg`, `begging`

### rule13
*Per Discord's ToS, you must be 13 years or older to access this server. Additionally, we ask members to not disclose or allude to your age or any other personal information, especially if you are a minor*

Usage: `&rule13 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `tos`

### savepass
*Video guide to the empty battle party trick*

Usage: `&savepass [user mention or ID]`  

### server-info
*Information about server roles, channels etc.*

Usage: `&server-info [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `server`

### setcircle
*Video guide on the Circle Lock method*

Usage: `&setcircle [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `catchhelp`

### shadow
*Information on Shadow & Purified Pokémon*

Usage: `&shadow [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `purify`

### special-lures
*Infographic on different spawns for special lure modules*

Usage: `&special-lures [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `lures`

### trade
*Information on the trading mechanic in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&trade [user mention or ID]`  

### trainer-code
*Explains how to find your Trainer Code*

Usage: `&trainer-code [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `tc`, `code`

### type-chart
*Infographic on type effectiveness in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&type-chart [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `type`

### ub-map
*Map of Ultra Beast distrubution for Nov 2022 Raid Day*

Usage: `&ub-map [user mention or ID]`  

### verify-help
*Redirecting to #verify-here with instructions*

Usage: `&verify-help [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `vh`, `verify`

### vip-info
*Information on VIP role perks & how to get the roles*

Usage: `&vip-info [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `vip`

### wayfarer
*Invite link for Wayfarer Discord server*

Usage: `&wayfarer [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `wdd`

### weather-boost
*Infographic for typing-based weather boost in Pokémon GO*

Usage: `&weather-boost [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `weather`, `wb`

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897602-d5fa0319-8962-448e-8289-b91e9fac9d71.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Indigo Minior

Prefix: none

Help Command: Check the slash command list

### faq
*Share a post from the FAQ channel*

Usage: `/faq <post> [user]`

### link
*Share a link from the knowledge guide*

Usage: `/link <link> [user]`

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897661-f5502d14-9d3a-4846-9f48-cc39801567fb.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Lilian Meridian

Prefix: `>`

### vivillon
Usage: `>vivillon [user mention]`

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897705-66172d05-9b27-4986-9ae2-6539adbc1fd8.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Nurse Joy

Prefix: `+`

Help Command: `+help [command name]`

### daxcand
*I send a link to the best video on the internet about good and bad Wayfarer nominations.*

Usage: `+daxcand [user mention or ID]`  

### daxnom
*I send a link to the best wayfarer nomination video on the internet.*

Usage: `+daxnom [user mention or ID]`  

### daxnom2
*I send a link to the best detailed Wayfarer nomination video on the internet.*

Usage: `+daxnom2 [user mention or ID]`  

### daxraid
*I send a link to the most comprehensive raiding video on the internet.*

Usage: `+daxraid [user mention or ID]`  

### daxrev
*I send a link to the best Wayfarer reviwing video on the internet.*

Usage: `+daxrev [user mention or ID]`  

### ottawa
*I send a link to the best Remote Raid discord server ever!*

Usage: `+ottawa [user mention or ID]`  

### wdd
*I send a link to the best Wayfarer discord server ever!*

Usage: `+wdd [user mention or ID]`  

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897742-96d382c1-50d5-4bc0-9e04-c778fe9d64ff.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Officer Jenny

Prefix: `!`

### rules
*Reminder to read the #rules channel*

Usage: `!rules [user mention or ID]`  

### rule1
*All content must be family friendly*

Usage: `!rule1 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `family`

### rule2
*No harassment, bullying, or discrimination will be tolerated*

Usage: `!rule2 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `bully`, `harass`

### rule3
*No spoofing or modified game clients*

Usage: `!rule3 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `spoof`

### rule4
*Do not create raids with no intention of sending invites*

Usage: `!rule4 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `fake`

### rule5
*Do not spam, and be sure to keep content relative to the channel you're in*

Usage: `!rule5 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `spam`

### rule6
*No advertising other servers or self-promotion*

Usage: `!rule6 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `promo`, `selfpromo`

### rule7
*No offering to buy or sell accounts, or solicitation of any other in-game services that violate Niantic's ToS or Player Guidelines*

Usage: `!rule7 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `buy`, `sell`, `service`, `services`

### rule8
*Server nicknames should be easily readable and pingable and must follow other server rules*

Usage: `!rule8 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `nick`, `nickname`, `nicknames`

### rule9
*Your PokeNav profile must be complete and accurately reflect the Pokémon GO account being used in raids*

Usage: `!rule9 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `profile`

### rule10
*For the most part, this is an English-only server*

Usage: `!rule10 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `english`

### rule11
*No mini-modding or impersonation of staff members*

Usage: `!rule11 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `mod`, `minimod`

### rule12
*No begging for raids, gifts, tickets, nitro, etc.*

Usage: `!rule12 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `beg`, `begging`

### rule13
*Per Discord's ToS, you must be 13 years or older to access this server. Additionally, we ask members to not disclose or allude to your age or any other personal information, especially if you are a minor*

Usage: `!rule13 [user mention or ID]`  
Aliases: `tos`

### wddth
*Asking for raids in general chat? We don't do that here*

Usage: `!wddth`  

## <img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66987192/210897791-e50e20bc-e1d3-4561-b589-3d943b01e8a1.png" style="border-radius:50%" height="18pt"> Professor Oak

Prefix: `!`

### abb

Usage: `!abb [user mention or ID]`  

### pvpoke

Usage: `!pvpoke [user mention or ID]`
